[Applause]
so I all week I say and you know coming
up in Thursday Michael B Jordan will be
here and every time I've said it all the
women in the audience each night I think
you might be the frontrunner for sexiest
man alive somebody right in somebody
yeah well they love you I mean Aidan
really do that's good to see it this
must be an exciting time for you because
well not only the star of this movie
you're a producer of the movie yeah and
so you really put this movie together
and it opens everywhere tomorrow
everywhere tomorrow man I'm really
excited about I mean I found out about
the story about five years ago about
Brian Stevenson and I was a little
embarrassed that I didn't know that much
about him so I got a chance to listen to
his TED talk and hear him speak and
realize all the important work that he
was doing and it was a you know I I was
shocked that he wasn't a household name
so well tell everybody a little bit
about him because I think most people
don't know Brian Brian Stevenson is a
defense attorney he set up his offices
eji which is the equal justice
initiative and he um down in Montgomery
Alabama and he pretty much dedicated his
entire life to equal justice and of
fighting the criminal justice system
basically he he gets exonerate he
accelerates wrongfully convicted felons
that are on people people that are on
death row yeah well they they're yeah
they're technically felon but not
wrongfully convicted and he's dedicated
to life to getting him off death row and
I had the honor of being able to play
him Jamie Foxx plays Walter McMillian
the movies based around and yeah I felt
there was a I don't knows my
responsibility to kind of take on this
role did you feel like it really spoke
to you when you heard his story and
heard about it yeah I mean I felt like
well listen this thing happened 30-some
odd years ago but it feels like it could
happen yesterday have you ever played a
living person before a living person
before no so that's like you must be
nervous when you show them the movie him
the movie the first time yeah I mean
I've had the I played Oscar Grant
Fruitvale station yeah what but you know
he's he was tragically murdered but I
got a chance to get to know him to the
people that knew him the best I had a
chance to watch the movie with his mom
for the first time
right Emily members and that was that
was that's had me a Trekkie and this in
this situation being able to play brain
you know he he's there he's a resource I
can call him I can ask him for help I
get you know if I get stuck anywhere
yeah if I need to you know look to him
for for for for motivation for things
but then also he can call me and tell me
when I'm messing up too though did he do
that no he didn't you know he was really
supportive he was actually excited that
I played him yeah I'm sure well I mean
women scream when they see you why
wouldn't he be excited about that the
Creed body but I kept the arms like hip
on you've been holding screenings
special screenings this week and one of
them was hosted by Kobe Bryant O'Brien
oh how did that happen no it was
incredible I think one of brothers had
reached out to him he's a you know he's
a big advocate for you know criminal
criminal justice and in just the Equal
Rights in general so he came on board
you know he agreed to host a couple
screenings down in Baldwin Hills and and
it was it was amazing you know
beforehand yeah I got a chance I did an
Apple commercial with him oh alright
played the young Kobe uh and that was
pretty cool yeah but he's the go you
know he's one of the greatest of all
time so to be able to kind of talk to
him and like spit basketball stuff like
that was are you a Lakers fan I'm a
Knick fan a Knicks fan
okay pray for me so you don't never
tasted any kind of success really ever
in your whole life as a fan have you
know it's been it's been rough yeah I'm
on the brothel you're a LeBron feel you
know LeBron as well I do know you had a
screen for the Lakers right I did I had
a screen for the Lakers but also I had a
chance to take about 20 incarcerated
youth down to the Lakers practice
facility and get a chance to have them
talk to Ron Artest a Robert Horry to the
to the Lakers players they play five on
five some of the Lakers got a chance to
coach them and stuff like that so it was
really incredible to get them give him a
chance an opportunity to get outside of
jail and and and and and be around their
idols people that they look up to kind
of encouraged and we kind of go down
this right path and then everyone sat
down and watched the movie they did they
sat down and watched a movie at a
different time but this I gotta add an
opportunity to the genius talk with with
the Lakers and stuff like that so it was
really really a cool experience I wonder
how when a basketball team watches a
movie they situate everyone cuz like you
don't want to Anthony
Davis in the front they have huge chairs
oh they do everything is like just like
just oversized everything is oversized
the doorways you're like oh wow okay
cool I guess it's available you and
Dwight Howard does have to like come
through here you just went back to your
high school recently right I did when
you went back to the high to your high
school which is New Jersey you did
everything seem small to you
no it did only high school I guess that
doesn't really no no no yeah I was
probably the same height as it wasn't
sure but not but it was cool to go back
and actually talk to the kids you know
honestly just uh did they freak out when
you came they did yes I had a photo
shoot there first and they tried to keep
it as quiet as possible but when you see
you know people you know the kids coming
from the lunchroom and peeking into the
gym and then by the time you know fifth
period hit it was just all-out mayhem I
would think so yeah it was pretty crazy
did you see any of your old teachers or
any of them still there I did a lot of
them were still there a lot of some of
my old teacher or one of my old teachers
is now the principal you know the lunch
ladies are still there the security
guards the janitors like it was a it was
pretty surreal to come back in and see
all those faces but it was a lot of love
did you play basketball in high so I did
did you play football in high school did
not you did not I wasn't and I was
basketball baseball track I did
everything except for football you
played high school football on Friday
Night Lights 20 you can really excel
we're gonna take a break we're come back
we see a clip from the new movie just
mercy Michael B Jordan a zero of arrow
you can't keep an innocent man in prison
why you try to salvage your reputation
this is about the people of this County
who have hired me to keep them safe and
what people are you talking about right
now the ones from this neighborhood are
the ones from the black community you
took Johnny D from you think they feel
safe your job isn't to defend a
conviction Tommy it's to achieve justice
and as long as you keep fighting this
someone from your County has literally
gotten away with murder
that is Michael Vee
they're critically acclaimed performance
in their critically acclaimed movie that
you produced it down when Jamie Foxx's
in this movie brie Larson is in the
movie see you personally recruit them to
be in the film I in this case I did I I
when I read the script and we've been
developing it for about you know four or
five years or so the only person I kept
coming to mind was Jamie I was like this
guy this is the vehicle for him you know
I
he's on my Mount Rushmore of the
greatest of all time and I think he's so
he's so talented like this he might be
the most talented person I have ever met
in my life
from from he does everything you know
from singing to writing you know the
standard you know comedian that drama
math math swimming know that he's no
he's an incredible person but I got a
chance to give him a call and was like
amen I need you to do this and he said
he gave a very good performance very
like a low-key solid as a chameleon he
blends into whoever he needs that to
blend into so speaking of that so I
worked with Jamie a number of times and
like even when he's on the show like
there is no there's not a moment in
which he's not making fun where he's not
like doing something gently even during
the commercials he's out in the audience
dancing and singing and everybody's
having a good time so in a movie like
this which is you know serious film is
that the way he is he is exactly like
that he I mean literally we had the most
dramatic scenes ever and then literally
yell cut go take a deep breath and then
he'll be right out there the extras
telling jokes or playing music he plays
music a lot like he has theme music
matter where he goes so even on this
movie he you know he did it in such a
genius way like he would play songs to
get us in the mood of like a really
somber mood like he would play like old
school music to really get us into a
like a really like a serious tone but
then when it was when he was ready to
switch to tone and we were getting out
of it he would play like you know some
you know Marvin Gaye or like you know
the Isley Brothers temptations or
something like that like you know it was
actually it was like it was curate
divided 24/7 things up you know he was
the perfect person for this for this I
see I here's the picture I'd the three
of you guys together
Mamba do you think you were Kobe's
favorite Michael Jordan
I think that's a great question I mean
yeah so tomorrow's the big day
well I was the big will you go around
and check out screenings we pop into
movie theaters to see how it's going I
might pop into a theater - I might
recruit Jamie you're not gonna go pop
around a surprise in theaters do you
have any particular locations in mind
I'm gonna throw out a couple my throw
out our cart like Hollywood I threw out
a you know maybe a Grove Magic Johnson's
theater maybe so and then you guys can
just figure it out all right well that
would be fun and they're gonna be a lot
of disappointed people but just I'll be
on the screen no matter what thank you
Michael B Jordan everybody's
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you